capital = 1600
primary_culture = uighur
culture = zzz_religion_gelugpa
religion = gelugpa
government = democracy
plurality = 0
nationalvalue = nv_liberty
literacy = 0.408464

civilized = yes

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

# political reforms
slavery=yes_slavery
vote_franschise=wealth_weighted_voting
upper_house_composition=state_equal_weight
voting_system=jefferson_method
public_meetings=no_meeting
press_rights=censored_press
trade_unions=state_controlled
political_parties=gerrymandering

ruling_party = ZUN_liberal
upper_house = 
{
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 15
	conservative = 80
	reactionary = 5
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 1
nonstate_consciousness= 0.00897

# Technologies
army_command_principle = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
military_staff_system = 1
no_standard = 1
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
publishing_industry = 1
water_wheel_power = 1
prestige=0.0630673
oob = "ZUN_OOB.txt"
set_country_flag = religi
