country_event = {
  id = 1512326
  title = EVTNAME1512326
  desc = EVTDESC1512326
  picture = "select_new_ruling_party_decision"

is_triggered_only = yes

  option = {
	name = EVTOPTA1512326
	ruling_party_ideology = conservative
clr_country_flag = appoint_ruling_party
random_owned = { limit = { owner = { NOT = { pop_majority_ideology = conservative } } } }

  }

  option = {
	name = EVTOPTB1512326
	ruling_party_ideology = reactionary
clr_country_flag = appoint_ruling_party
random_owned = { limit = { owner = { NOT = { pop_majority_ideology = reactionary } } } }

  }

  option = {
	name = EVTOPTC1512326
	ruling_party_ideology = liberal
clr_country_flag = appoint_ruling_party
random_owned = { limit = { owner = { NOT = { pop_majority_ideology = liberal } } } }

  }

  option = {
	name = EVTOPTD1512326
	ruling_party_ideology = anarcho_liberal
clr_country_flag = appoint_ruling_party
random_owned = { limit = { owner = { NOT = { pop_majority_ideology = anarcho_liberal } } } }

  }

  option = {
	name = EVTOPTE1512326
	ruling_party_ideology = socialist
clr_country_flag = appoint_ruling_party
random_owned = { limit = { owner = { NOT = { pop_majority_ideology = socialist } } } }

  }

  option = {
	name = EVTOPTF1512326
	ruling_party_ideology = communist
clr_country_flag = appoint_ruling_party
random_owned = { limit = { owner = { NOT = { pop_majority_ideology = communist } } } }

  }

  option = {
	name = EVTOPTG1512326
	ruling_party_ideology = agrarism
clr_country_flag = appoint_ruling_party
random_owned = { limit = { owner = { NOT = { pop_majority_ideology = agrarism } } } }

  }

  option = {
	name = EVTOPTH1512326
	ruling_party_ideology = theocratic
clr_country_flag = appoint_ruling_party
random_owned = { limit = { owner = { NOT = { pop_majority_ideology = theocratic } } } }

  }

  option = {
	name = EVTOPTI1512326
	ruling_party_ideology = fascist
clr_country_flag = appoint_ruling_party
random_owned = { limit = { owner = { NOT = { pop_majority_ideology = fascist } } } }

  }

  option = {
	name = EVTOPTJ1512326
	ruling_party_ideology = nationalsyndicalist
clr_country_flag = appoint_ruling_party
random_owned = { limit = { owner = { NOT = { pop_majority_ideology = nationalsyndicalist } } } }

  }

}
